# 1.Introduction

## 1.1 Why This Project?
Since the 1970s people started to take interest in using their computers as an entertainment environment, thus, the multi billion game industry was starting to take shape. Having presented earlier the sum of money this industry produces, I decided to have a go and create a game of myown. As a kid, I was always fascinated by the idea of becoming a game developer, but, as yearswent by, I have realized this is not exactly what programming and computer science, as a practice,are about and I dropped the idea. However, the third year project offered me the possibility to tryand achieve one of my childhood’s dreams and I couldn’t resist the temptation.

## 1.2 Gaming in the Field of Software Engineering
Tic-tac-toe  is  not  a  very  challenging  game  for  humanbeings.  If you’re  an  enthusiast, you’ve  probably  movedfrom  the  basic  game  to  some  variant  like  threedimensional  tic-tac-toe on  a larger  grid.  If you sit downright now to play ordinary three-by-three tic-tac-toe with a  friend,  what  will  probably  happen  is  that  every  game will  come  out  a  tie.  Both  you  and  your  friend  can probably  play  perfectly,  never  making  a  mistake  that would allow your opponent to win. But can you describe how  you  know  where  to  move  each  turn?  Most  of  thetime, you  probably  aren’t  even  aware  of  alternative possibilities; you just look at the board and instantly knowwhere you want to move. That kind of instant knowledge is  great  for  human  beings,  because  it  makes  you  a  fastplayer.  But  it  isn’t  much  help  in  writing  a computer program. For that, you have to know very explicitly what your strategy is.
